# 0.18

## Barrel-less Modules
This version introduces barrel-less modules, which are disabled by default. To enable them, set `enableBarrelLess: true` in `sheriff.config.ts`.

Barrel-less modules are not automatically set; they need to be defined in `sheriff.config.ts`. Unlike the previous barrel modules, barrel-less modules don't have an `index.ts` file. Instead, all files located in the `internal` subdirectory are encapsulated and not accessible from other modules.

Barrel modules are still supported and detected automatically. Access to barrel-less modules is done directly, without an `index.ts` file.

For more information, see the [Module Boundaries](../module_boundaries.md).

## Renaming `tagging` to `modules` and Deprecation of the `tagging` Property

With barrel modules, the `tagging` property was used to assign tags to modules. If a module wasn't tagged, it was automatically assigned the `noTag` tag.

For barrel-less modules, the `tagging` property defines the modules. This means future module-based settings will also be handled through `tagging`.

To clarify that `tagging` is the actual definition of the modules, the `tagging` property has been deprecated and renamed to `modules`.

The `tagging` property still works, but we recommend renaming it to `modules`. No other changes are required.

## Renaming of "Deep Import" to "Encapsulation Violation"

Since in barrel-less modules, every access is a deep import but can still be valid, the ESLint rule "Deep Import" has been renamed to "Encapsulation Violation". The "Deep Import" rule still works but is deprecated.
